Hello, we present you sets
ceramic knives that never
let you down with them you save time and
money such a knife will never slip
out of hand notice which lungs
movements knife just steam kati and max
ergonomic plastic handle
covered with heat-resistant rubber
prevents predict and in fact i'm not
putting no effort ceramic
the knife allows you to save foods
ordinary blades vitamins can not just
cut the rind immediately
but only pushes on the radio and when
the incision is finally made right away
juice flows
and with it all that is not all vitamins now
see how I'll do it with
universal ceramic knives
take the same tomato dad and it went
blade of ceramic knives made of
high strength zirconia ceramics
they cut with precision surgical
tool and stay sharp much
much longer than any other blade
knives thanks to extra hardness
ceramic blades are able to cut without
sharpening for years
there are no scratches on them
they are significantly lighter than steel
and here's what else is very important products are not
stick to the blade of a ceramic knife
ceramic knives also do not leave
unpleasant aftertaste since not
reacts with the product you
no longer need to have in the box
the table a whole army of knives they replace our
ceramic to be convenient to store
ceramic knives in our kits for
each has a plastic case
in this case, you can safely wash
ceramic knives in the dishwasher
order code for a set of three knives 20
for ordering a set of two knives and vegetables
cleaning 20 587
note the sets are packed in
beautiful gift box with magnetic
the lock
such a stylish, spectacular gift
will appeal and a host and hostess
what do you think can such a knife
cut frozen foods for example
either look and so easily
ceramic blades are really very
acute
you see wow 0 effort and
one hundred percent result
super sharp ceramic blades lightweight
weight is excellent balancing
ceramic knives make them simple and
comfortable ceramic
knives and perfect choosing by the way vegetables
cleaning with ceramic blade
it is also very convenient and effective
she is much more effective than usual
vegetables cleaning the difference is that
ceramic blade is much thinner
so we save more product
enjoy cooking and
use
ceramic knives and vegetables
cleaning with a ceramic blade they are not
fail you only remind that
set of three kitchen ceramic
knives go knife the chef with the blade out
pottery length 15 centimeters
as you can see he is the biggest knife blade
which is 12 and a half centimeters and
knife for vegetables and fruits with a blade 10
centimeters code for ordering a set of
three knives 20 586 set of two
ceramic knives and peelers come in
knife chef with a blade 15 centimeters
knife with a blade of 12 and a half centimeters
medium and vegetables cleaning with a blade of
white ceramics
ordering code for a set of two knives and
vegetable peelers 20,587
You can order these sets right
now calling our micro number we
we carry out a thorough examination of each
goods
always offering the most fair prices
Call and order right now
will be very pleased with this acquisition